chore: update readme (#52)
newrelic/nri-vsphere: README.md

[![Community Project header](https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/master/src/images/categories/Community_Project.png)](https://opensource.newrelic.com/oss-category/#community-project)

> # New Relic VMware vShpere integration [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/newrelic/nri-vsphere/badge.svg?targetFile=vendor/vendor.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/newrelic/nri-vsphere?targetFile=vendor/vendor.json)

Reviewer: @ardias Is this supposed to be a button? I'd put it in the line below the title, not at the same level as the title.

Author: Not a button, but an image (badge).
Makes sense to move below.

New Relic's VMware vShpere integration captures critical summary and performance metrics data by connecting to VMware vCenter or an ESXi Host. For more information, see [the official New Relic docs](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/vmware-vsphere-monitoring-integration).

> The integration captures data about Datacenters, Clusters, Virtual Machines, Hosts, Datastores, ResourcePools and Networks. Apart from metrics, the integration also can capture vSphere events and VM snapshot information when enabled by the appropriate flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration collects data about data centers, clusters, virtual machines, hosts, datastores, resource pools, and networks. In addition to metrics, the integration can also capture vSphere events and VM snapshot information when enabled by the appropriate flags.
```

## Installation

> To install the integration, follow the official [documentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/vmware-vsphere-monitoring-integration). We recommend using your operating system native package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the integration, follow the official [documentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/vmware-vsphere-monitoring-integration). We recommend using your operating system's package manager.
```

## Getting started

> After you've [installed](#installation) the integration you should make sure that the required configuration is appropriate for your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've [installed](#installation) the integration make sure that you've the required configuration for your environment.
```

Author: hum.. not sure the contraction here reads well.. you mean "...that you have the..." right? I would not contract to "you've" then, reads a bit weird, no?

> To configure the integration go to `/etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d/` (Linux) or `C:\Program Files\New Relic\newrelic-infra\integrations.d\` (Windows) and open the file `vpshere-config.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the integration go to `/etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d/` (Linux) or `C:\Program Files\New Relic\newrelic-infra\integrations.d\` (Windows) and open the`vpshere-config.yml` configuration file.
```

> You should configure the `URL`, `user` and `password` fields required to connect to you vCenter or ESXi host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `URL`, `user`, and `password` fields -- they are required to connect to your vCenter or ESXi host.
```

> To select which performance metrics to capture, the integration uses another file that you can use to select which performance metrics you want captured, per each `performance level` you require.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select which performance metrics to capture, you must define them in the `vsphere-performance.metrics` file per each `performance level` you require.
```

> You can find this file at `/etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d/vsphere-performance.metrics` (Linux) or `C:\Program Files\New Relic\newrelic-infra\integrations.d\vsphere-performance.metrics` (Windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find this file in `/etc/newrelic-infra/integrations.d/vsphere-performance.metrics` (Linux) or `C:\Program Files\New Relic\newrelic-infra\integrations.d\vsphere-performance.metrics` (Windows).
```

Use the flag `--perf_level` to select which level of **performance metrics** you want to capture.

> Please note that the more **performance metrics** you enable the more load you will add to your envrionment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the more performance metrics you enable the more load you add to your environment.
```

## Building

> If you have the source code and Go toolchain installed, you can build and run the vSphere integration locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have downloaded the source code and installed the Go toolchain, you can build and run the vSphere integration locally.
```

> vSphere data is obtained via a client provided by the `govmomi` package, the official go wrapper for VMware API. The same package provides a simulator for the virtual center, leveraged to run integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vSphere data is obtained via a client provided by the `govmomi` package, the official Go wrapper for the VMware API. The same package provides a simulator for the virtual center, leveraged to run integration tests.
```

> The output of the integration is shaped by the `newrelic/infra-integrations-sdk` package and provided in JSON format. The New Relic Infra agent collects such data and sends it to New Relic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of the integration is determined by the `newrelic/infra-integrations-sdk` package and provided in JSON format. The [New Relic Infrastructure agent](https://github.com/newrelic/infrastructure-agent) collects such data and sends it to New Relic.
```

> 1. After cloning this repository, go to vSphere integration directory and build the integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After cloning this repository, go to the vSphere integration directory and build the integration:
```

    ```bash
    make compile
    ```

    The command above executes the tests for the vSphere integration and builds an executable file named `nri-vsphere` under `bin/`.

2. Run the executable with the following arguments:

    ```bash
    ./bin/darwin/nri-vsphere --url 127.0.0.1:8989/sdk --user user --pass pass --validate_ssl false
    ```

To learn more about the usage of `./bin/darwin/nri-vsphere`, pass the `-help` argument.

```bash
./bin/darwin/nri-vsphere -help
```

> External dependencies are managed via govendor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External dependencies are managed via `govendor`.
```

## Testing

After cloning this repository, go to vSphere integration directory and build the integration:

```bash
make test
```

> You will need `docker-compose` to run the integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need `docker-compose` to run the integration tests.
```

## Support

New Relic hosts and moderates an online forum where customers can interact with New Relic employees as well as other customers to get help and share best practices. Like all official New Relic open source projects, there's a related Community topic in the New Relic Explorers Hub. You can find this project's topic/threads here:

[Community support thread](https://discuss.newrelic.com/t/new-relic-vmware-vsphere-integration/)

## Contributing

> We encourage your contributions to improv   e New Relic's VMware vShpere integration. Keep in mind when you submit your pull request, you'll need to sign the CLA via the click-through using CLA-Assistant. You only have to sign the CLA one time per project.

Reviewer 2: typo -> improv   e
